[docs] new marketplace docs (#6057)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/marketplace/plugins/openai.md

---
id: marketplace-plugin-openai
title: OpenAI
---

> ToolJet can connect to OpenAI to utilize the services like **Completions** and **Chat**. OpenAI's Completions service is capable of automatically generating text based on an initial prompt or context, while Chat enables users to interact with a chatbot powered by OpenAI's language model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ToolJet can connect to OpenAI and utilize two main services: Completions and Chat. With OpenAI's Completions service, ToolJet can generate text automatically based on an initial prompt or context. The Chat service allows users to interact with a chatbot powered by OpenAI's language model. In addition, ToolJet can also leverage the GPT-3 Turbo service from OpenAI, which provides faster and more responsive completions.
```
